Andor was every bit as good as I was hoping for. It might be the best Star Wars series to date, I used to think it was The Mandalorian but these two seasons of Andor have been flawless. Of all the Star Wars series so far this one is probably the least known character but that doesn't mean it's any less interesting. Andor is a character from one of the best Star Wars movies, Rogue One. All the reviews have been great for Andor so that got my expectations even higher and so far they've all been met. It has a real gritty feel to it compared to the other Star Wars series and the visuals are great. It's also more adult oriented compared to the other shows so far. But the cast, led by Diego Luna, is the best thing about this show. Well that and the writing. These two seasons of Andor have been nothing short of incredible and easily the best thing Star Wars has done since the original trilogy.
Wow. I just finished episode 12 of the first season of this show. As a lifelong Star Wars fan, I feel like I'm about 12 years old again. To me, the thing about the Star Wars universe that fascinated me was never the jedi, or the mysticism, or the lightsabers. All that was cool, but to me, the fascination was for the struggle. The underdog vs the world. The fight against oppression. From the original series, Wedge was my favorite character- just a regular guy doing his part.  Return of the Jedi was always my favorite, despite its flaws. The reason was the epic battle sequence at the end. Unlike basically every piece of star wars media since, ROTJ's battle focused extensively on regular 'people'. This is what the Ewoks represented- an oppressed civilisation. It's a little hokey in practice, but the message was the important thing. Likewise, the space battle was all regular pilots doing their best to survive a last-ditch battle. Green Leader going out of control and kamikazi-ing the super star destroyer, Wedge and Lando shooting out the reactor. Again, these were regular people doing their bit to fight the empire. The Rebel Alliance is built on THEIR backs, not those of some space wizard (all respect to Luke).  To me, Star Wars media lost sight of that until Rogue One. Here, they continue (or start) the tradition by focusing on Andor.  Let's be clear, Cassian Andor is not really the protagonist here. The Rebel Alliance is, and Cassian is the perspective through which we are seeing it, as a regular guy down on his luck finding his way in the galaxy despite a world of harshness thrown at him. Likewise, we see it from the perspective of its architects, Mon Mothma, a politician doing it 'straight', and Luthen Rael, a spy/terrorist playing the deeper, more violent game. We also see the Empire as the antagonist, through the eyes of those who wish for order, like Syril Karn, and a promising and talented ISB agent, Dedra Meero.  There are no jedi or lightsabers here, and surprisingly few battles and pew-pews. Almost no jokes, and (amazingly) no "I have a bad feeling about this."  What we get instead, and what I have needed from this franchise for a very long time, is incredible acting. Unbelievably good writing, and fantastic attention to detail. This is one of the most well-made shows I've ever seen. Every character's action, good or bad, makes sense here. This is Star Wars, the Real Drama, where I can simultaneously understand the perspective of a Rebel and an Imperial. I may not agree with one, or even both, of them, but I understand them.... I might even sympathise with them. It is like The Wire in the star wars universe. It really is THAT good.  I have no notes for this. There is nothing I can imagine that would make it better. It may not be for kids or for everyone. It is slow. It has relatively little action and no humor. But- if you enjoy suspense, and tension, in a Hitchcockian way.... you MUST watch this. If you're a star wars fan who enjoyed the series for those regular men and women in the background, then again, you must watch this. If you are a fan of revolutionary or antifascist history, you must watch this.  I cannot wait for Season 2.  OK- it's 7 May 2025. I've come back to make a slight edit after watching episodes 1-9.  All I can say is... I wish there would be a Season 3. I think Season 2 is forced to be just a *little* clunky in the way it skips years between three-episode arcs... but my god is that a minor critique. The acting. The writing. The production value, set design, costumes... I do not know if it is possible to make a show that is as incredibly high-quality as this.  If you aren't watching this... just watch it.  If you don't enjoy the absolute tension and drama... well downvote me because we're just not on the same wavelength.  I wish all Star Wars... hell all media.. was this good.
Andor Season 2 is the best Star Wars Show ever made, for real! And one of the best shows I've seen in a while. The first season was good but the second season is amazing. It's kind of sad that the viewership hasn't been the best, but it needs to be seen. Spread the word!! The performances are incredible and the scenography was so well thought with sush attention to details, that it is worth seeing. Everybody did an amazing All performances were superb, specially Denise Gough and Genevieve O'Reily. Stellan Skarsgård and Ben Mendelsohn as always were amazing as Fiona Shaw was in the first season. And last but not least, Elizabeth Dalau, Diego Luna, Adria Arjona who's acting was impressive. Highly recommend.
There were a few episodes I didn't like in both seasons, but after finishing up season 2 I can say this show is truly a masterpiece. The writing and acting were phenomenal. This was an adult story that Star Wars fans always wanted. Characters that had many dimensions to them. Good and evil were blurred as they can be in real life. Almost all the characters had many different sides to them. Bad things were done by "good" characters. You felt the pain of many of these characters. You felt like the stakes were real. Appropriate humor as well. No your momma jokes or drinking blue milk from alien nipples. You felt the weight of the story. Watching this show brings so much more context to Rogue One(the only good Disney SW movie). A show like this will have lasting impacts on the fanbase. We are not toxic as Disney always claims. We just want a good story with developed characters and no Agenda being forced down our collective throats.
Didnt like the new movies and even Mandalorian was somehow boring. So I was almost going to skip Andor, glad I didnt.  This is well written, gritty and as adult as we can hope for at this point. Disney is maybe realising that there is a huge group of SW fans that are middle-age or over. It almost doesnt feel like SW made by Disney, but made by HBO.  Much more into the story line and character arcs than pim-pam-laser-fights and explosions. Casting is spot on on many roles and I have met only couple of situations where I go: "This should have been written better".  First time since long time I cannot wait next episode of Star Wars. Disney please dont mess this up for me.
I'll say it again: Andor is one of the best pieces of Star Wars content ever made, and arguably one of the best shows on Disney+. Every episode feels cinematic, from the cinematography to the dialogue to the action, it's pure cinema. Yes, the time skips are annoying and the pacing is painfully slow at times, but by the end, you'll be dying to watch Rogue One all over again! Watching Rogue one after watching all of Andor truly feels like the full experience as you go into Episode 4. A lot of the content between 3-4 is worth watching for the full experience. Highly recommend. Andor is by far some of the best though for sure.
This is, minute for minute, some of the best television on today. Not a ton of FX. Just a compelling story and great acting. It is certainly more adult than other CGI laden spin offs. I don't think any cute cuddly toys will emerge from the series. But the story shines.  The plight of the rebels feels real. We're drawn into the characters one by one. The acting is first class. The writing succinct. And the ever enigmatic Andor keeps the tension taught and mysterious.  Though the series seemed in no hurry to gain traction, it's totally forgivable as we approach mid season. We're drawn to the next episode as we anticipate the the rage sure to be drawn by the empire.  The writers seem merciless with the characters and Andor himself has a sharp unscrupulous edge not quite on display in Rogue One.  Big thumbs up.
Andor is why I pay my Disney+ subscription. This is Star Wars for those who have grown up with the franchise and are yearning for a more mature take on the Universe. It's hard to use the work 'realistic' when it comes to sci-fi, but everything about Andor feels real. The characters act sensibly and their actions never feel like they are purely made to drive the plot forward. I think the last time I used the term 'sci-fi that transcends it's boundary' was when talking about Battlestar Galactica. I think I can safely use that term here too. It's not a action sci-fi, so it's audience it probably smaller, so I hope it will not get cancelled. I hope Disney can find the courage to front a show based on quality and not just audience numbers. I believe that quality shows will always be good revenue earners over time as they are appreciated by more people, even if they are not the most popular out of the box.
I am going to put it plain and simple.  This show has me gripped. The characters feel so real, the plot has so much weight. I was thinking about this show and the plot long after I finished it. I want to watch it again just for the beauty of the plot and world building.  The world has so much weight, grit, and texture, I feel like I live in this world. Plus, it bridges some of the story between episodes 3 and 4 super well. The struggles of the different groups feel so real and important, none of the different character arcs feel like filler content. It also does a very good job at leaving some loose ends to be resolved in season 2.
This is THE show anyone who grew up with classic Star Wars needs to see. 'Mature' Star Wars, if you will.  Maintains the aesthetics of Rogue One and has a quality of writing to shame recent pathetic efforts. Stands as a great little sci-fi adventure on its own, within the Star Wars universe.  Terrific production, script and depth of accomplished acting performances - tremendous - give it a gravitas to have you salivating if you ever so much as tingled at any great Star Wars movie.  One particular visual snippet as an example - S1E06 'The Eye' has Tie Fighter pilots scrambling into their machines. Mere seconds of screen time but a scintillating burst of realisation that such dynamic moments have never been 'authentically' presented to you before. Ally that with engaging and stimulating dialogue, and it delivers some great stuff.  Treat you inner kid and impress your critical adult: don't miss out on giving this quality production the attention and admiration it deserves. This is Rogue One (the 3rd greatest Star Wars movie behind IV & V) expanded. 8/10 and climbing.
I'm note sure which is my favorite between The Mandalorian and this yet. The Mandalorian feels more Star Warsy, but this seems much more like a good show that just so happens to be set in the Star Wars universe.  What I especially like about it is how alive and real the world feels. You get a much more detailed look at the dawn of the empire and the rebellion than previously and the show doesn't seem to need to skip over the world building and get to the next explosion.  It's slower and more mature than most other Star Wars properties, so it's not likely to interest the younger audience, but it's great for those of us who have been fans for several decades.
Andor is everything I didn't know I needed to fall in love with the Star Wars universe. It'll never get the recognition of the original movies. The prequels. Or even the underwhelming sequels that couldn't stick the landing. But for what it is, Andor is one of the biggest accomplishments in tv for what it accomplished in the small window of opportunity they had in terms of material.  Andor is not only a prequel, but a prequel to a movie that's not even deeply connected to the main Star Wars story. Yet what it accomplished was one of the most grounded takes on corruption, manipulation, and abuses of power in all of television. Turning a mission of taking the plans of the Death Star into a series that embarks on all of these strong ordeals that are occurring in our world as we speak and putting a spotlight on them is something I didn't think I'd get from this universe.  Stay with me here but to me this show is what Severance and Succession / The Newsroom are to Apple TV+ and HBO. For the topics that are covered to the awful things that these multi billion dollar companies do and are apart of, it's extremely ironic that these shows would air on these platforms and go to show how much they don't care. But I am thankful that shows like this can exist and go about these topics in a way that feels earned and gives hope.  I didn't think a prequel would be even remotely close to Better Call Saul in a very long time, but when BCS ended in 2022 Andor began. And with its conclusion 3 years later despite it only being 2 seasons, Tony Gilroy and company proved me wrong.  "And know this: the day will come when all these skirmishes and battles, these moments of defiance will have flooded the banks of the Empire's authority and then there will be one too many. One single thing will break the siege.  Remember this. Try."
Arguably the best thing to come out of Star Wars post-Disney. The show brilliantly captures the politics of the Star Wars universe without resorting to the political transgressions of the real world like many other products of Disney has done.  The production design, costume design, editing are all brilliantly done. The acting was quality all around without any characters sticking out in a bad way. Season 2's episode 8 and especially episode 9 is some of the best TV I've seen.  This show is so good I now play Niamos on loop as my workout music lol, perhaps there's hope for Star Wars after all.
Best Star Wars show. Maybe even one of the greatest TV shows ever made.  The writing, cinematography, music, acting-every element of Andor is executed with such depth and brilliance, it's honestly insane. This isn't just a Star Wars show; it's a piece of art. A slow-burn political thriller that respects your intelligence and rewards your attention.  It's one of those rare shows you can rewatch multiple times and still find new layers, new emotions, and new moments that hit you differently.  Sadly, it's over. And I'm going to miss it deeply. But man, what a journey. A once-in-a-lifetime kind of story.  For the Rebellion.
To anyone with the slightest critical eye, pretty much everything outside The Mandalorian and Rogue One has largely been vapid Disney-stamped Star Wars content™. Simply keeping-up with the sheer amount of crap being pumped-out is a chore. Compared to the usual sterilized corporate stuff made for their crucial baby demographic, Andor's a breath of natural fresh air.  The protagonist isn't just another 'Han shot back' type. And back in general is a strain of grounded Star Wars, not made of every color of plastic at hand. No, this is a thoughtful and somewhat slow series with its tame, tense, and explosive moments paced with narrative purpose. While I'd only call it fairly solid in its own right, this series could rightly be considered amazing next to nearly everything else Star Wars has had on offer for the last decade.
Seriously, this isn't just peak Star Wars. It is peak TV. Mandalorian was good, but this is absolutely outstanding. An absolute gem of intelligent writing and storytelling combined with top notch acting. We just finished episode 12 and I can't stop thinking about how good this is on every level.  Besides being great entertainment, it is also extremely morally relevant, considering current events in both Iran and Ukraine.  If you don't stand up against fascism, oppression and imperialism just because it's inconvenient for you, then you're helping the forces of evil. And you're going to regret it in the end.
Andor is one of the best pieces of cinematography I've ever seen-thrilling, mind-blowing, and a powerful critique of societal and political norms. The writing is amazing: intelligent, multilayered, and emotionally charged, with dialogue that feels real and purposeful. It blends complex character arcs, ethical tension, and sharp political intrigue into a gripping, slow-burning narrative. The performances are exceptional, the atmosphere immersive, and the tone refreshingly mature. Andor isn't just great Star Wars-it's a masterclass in storytelling and one of the finest shows in modern television.
Idk about this, we are 3 episodes in and the only thing that caught my attention was the fight at the very end of episode 3. Other then that i was actualy zoning out, i wasnt interested in the characters and the story is progressing at a snails pace. The dialog is fine, the acting is fine, its just bland. This is average as average can get except for again the final encounter in episode 3, but i need more then just 1 good scene to keep my interest in a show. I would be giving this show a 5 bc it's just so average, nothing is really good and nothing is really bad except for how it looks. The shots look good, the cinematography is better then i expected. The show overall looks really good and thats why i give it a 6, but again, everything else is just bland and unless it picks up quite a bit i'll be moving onto a different show.
I have to say that I was really looking forward to Andor ever since I first heard about it. Then when I saw the trailers I got even more excited. I just finished watching it and it not only met my expectations but even surpassed them. It actually might be the best Star Wars series so far, or at least right there with The Mandalorian. The entire cast is great but Diego Luna is obviously the real star here. He is just fantastic as the lead. This may start a little slow but stick with it because it picks up in a hurry and the next thing you know you're completely hooked. It's already been renewed for a second season so I can't wait until next season and more of Andor!
It really needed the third episode to finally get things started. Until then, there's not a whole lot going on, other than flashbacks to build Andor's backstory and a creating the atmosphere to create the premise of a society that feels the looming oppression and loss of freedom that is the Empire. A significant portion of the lead-in episodes is spent on Cassian's homeworld, Kenari (which apparently has an indigenous population that resemble Brazilian street kids with blow darts), but what significance that plays, who knows?  The tension builds albeit slowly, and eventually we get to the beginning of the meat of the series, how Cassian comes to work for the rebellion. It's entertaining, acting seems to be pretty decent, and the sets don't feel or look like recycled Tatooine scenes for a change. And as a prequel to Rogue One, we know where this is going when this limited series ends, so we can expect a tightly written script that's not going to drag on or run out of source material.
Disney has apparently given up completely on even trying to produce a decent Star Wars title. The writing is not particularly good, the characters and situations are uninteresting, and the plot is virtually nonexistent. Making it through the first two episodes was agonizing. It's mind-numbingly unimaginative drivel, neatly packaged with a Star Wars logo, so some people will love it regardless of its low quality. The production design is good, and with the exception of one annoying, stuttering Droid, the cast seems competent enough. While I appreciate the idea of a more mature Star Wars show, it would be much nicer to see one that had even a little thought or care put into it's writing.
This was excellent and a pleasant surprise , since I have found most Star Wars offerings unwatchable lately.  But this is different.  Visually stunning cinema and effects.  Brilliant and engaging actors with real screen presence and chemisty.  Exciting and suspensful story and plot just keeps you engaged and interested right throughout.  If you have seen recent Star Wars movies and series and been very disappointed like me, then you will definitely want to give this one a watch, you will find it completely different and engaging.  I have watched the first 6 episodes so far and have been very impressed.
I almost never review anything. Usually I allow other people to make up their own minds and try not to influence their decisions. This needs to be an exception.  With the recent debut of Star Wars: The Acolyte we need to address this as a community. We don't need more garbage like that. Andor stands out as a unique phenomenon in comparison to the shows around it. It's well written, it's intriguing and it builds on the success of Rogue One in all the best ways. I never thought I needed to know more about Cassian Andor before the show but I gave it a chance and was rewarded with a show that respects my intelligence, entertains me and keeps me guessing. In short, it's everything that the rest of Disney Star Wars is just completely failing at.  So years later I come back to give this show the review it's owed. We didn't know how good we had it with this show and it did not get enough credit. Disney, give us more like this show with good writing, interesting characters, meaningful moments that are actually set up and earned.  I wish I could give Andor more than 10 stars and the Acolyte less than 1 star.  Andor is the only Star Wars show I can currently say is good without any disclaimers. Mandalorian? Amazing first season, mediocre second season, boring 3rd season. Kenobi? Maybe one or two good moments between Obi Wan and Vader, maybe a couple scenes with interesting visuals. The rest makes no sense. Ahsoka? Felt like a Rebels fan fic with a few interesting scenes, answered some cliffhangers and it was nice to see Thrawn actually in the live action universe. Boba Fett? Just plain boring with unnecessary flashy edgy things thrown in... if you know you know. Andor is the one Disney Star Wars live action anything, movie or show, that I have 0 complaints about.
The show makes you feel the full continuity of the human condition. I am begging you to watch this and all its entirety to understand the characters to understand what it meant to be part of a rebellion the hard decisions you had to make for the utilitarian great or good versus hurting your own friends and family the actual decisions, you have to make the grimness and war, and the storytelling the art, the scale of the show the architecture everything just leads to one cohesive beauty that is and/or and especially in season two. Not as flash she is season one, but the architecture is on a different skill. The storytelling is on another level.
Seeing all the other series, Andor provides a fresh breath into a franchise that's ultimately does nothing but reuses its own ideas.  Even in Mandalorian with the fan-service baby Yoda, the planets/locations which we've seen and known from before, plot armor of the main hero, linkage to the established characters... The quality of Andor is a full head above.  Or take Obi-Wan, that is a remarkable impotency of story writing and directing, having no reasons to exist but to exploit the fan base.  Since Rogue One, we see another successful try to make a "realism" show instead of arcade.  Creative script, good acting, dynamic development. It's great when quality and creativity wins over safe-betting and prioritizing fan-service for the sake of extra cash grab.  I just hope Disney doesn't spoil the series. But knowing the company, I won't be surprised. Still, so far Season 1 is extraordinary good and is exciting completely irrelevant of any other SW lore.
No wonder they decided to release 3 episodes at once. I have now seen two and still do not know what this series wants from me. None of the characters are interesting in any way. Everything plays out like a bad reality series "just another day on Andor". At the moment I can't understand or comprehend the hype.  If the story wasn't set in the SW universe, it would be dead by now.  I don't understand why you don't get to see something interesting and incredible in the first episode. No attempt to lure the viewer into the series and captivate him. Even Kenobi was more imaginative.  I hope the series is still developing, but again my question. "why do these mini-series take so long to get to the point?". Only when you have struggled through 3-4 episodes does a series get to the point. A bad trend.
I don't get all the positive comments.  I've watched the first three episodes and find it to be dull, boring and sometimes even acting is dull.  I think it's visually stunning, certainly the best of the Star Wars series that are out there in that regard.  But there's just not that much happening. After every episode I hoped; "ok, the build up is done, let's get into it". But unfortunately that doesn't happen.  Maybe it's more of a drama series within the Star Wars world rather than an action packed series.  If so, this might become better and more interesting moving on to the next episodes.  I just hope something will happen that grasps you and keeps you wanting to see more.  At this moment that's just not the case (in my opinion)
First of all, wow! The show immediately grabs you with its first couple of scenes, letting you know that this show is going to have a more adult tone. Seeing the workings of everyday people in the galaxy, the perspective of an imperial loyalist, and a thief making his way through the galaxy is so thrilling and exciting. The big and little details you get out of all the varying cultures on different planets allows you to completely melt into and engross yourself in the Star Wars galaxy, which is what many of us love so much.  The show's cast stands out. Every smaller and supporting character has a chance to shine. You can easily feel a deep history between characters from each cast member's stellar performance. The writers truly give you something interesting and griping to hold on to! The set design, costumes, and visuals are all stunning. It is a welcome new change of tone used for this Star Wars story. I can't wait to see more!
After finishing this show i can safely say that this is one of the greatest Star Wars experiences I have had since the original trilogy and the finale arc of Clone Wars!  This show went from the least anticepated Star Wars show on Disney+, to the only show people eventually carred about!  The production value, quality, setting, writting, acting.. I could go on.. are up there among the best TV shows out there!  Star Wars had never felt more mature as this show manages to take Star Wars to places the movies could only dream of! The themes and story is powerfull and feels more relevant today than ever! It might be one of the most intense and suspensefull TV experiences!  No sith, no Jedi, no lightsabers, no fanservice for the sake of it... just pure incredible storytelling crafted with so much passion and dedication!  I felt priveleged to watch this as it feels like a once in a life time experience, as I dont think we will get something as good as this for a long time!
I was amazed by this perfectly composed show. It has some utterly interesting characters. This series proved that this franchise is not just about swinging lightsabers, and there is more where this came from. It may be the finest product in the turmoil of today's catastrophic film productions. It has also some deep political meaning that I, as a Hungarian, can see through and makes me wonder to stand up for a better future. I hope disney considers shows like Andor, and I hope this kind of attitude will be as continuous as a knife sliding through toast.  I can only hope, with my opinion, I contributed to a better state of the film industry as this show has probably achieved already.
This show restored my love for Star Wars, which for a long time was on the low. This isn't Jedi, Sith, Force. It's not even a space western-esque Mandalorian. This is down to earth and wider scale at the same time. A world-building experience, which very neatly ties into its own sequel movie and subsequently to the ever nostalgic original trilogy. Sets, actors, story are all great. There is no need to trust in the Force with this one. Just watch it. Two seasons of not only the best Star Wars show, but one of the best overall series recently. It may not be reapeated in SW universe, but I surely hope it will become a thing to strive for and surpass for other shows following it.
Remember how amongst the lightweight drivel, uninventive fan-servicing, and confused plotting/character arcs of the last batch of Star Wars films Rogue One shone like a beacon of decent filmmaking? Well three episodes in and it looks like Andor is doing exactly the same thing for the Star Wars TV series. Unburdened by the need to placate nostalgic adult-kids that grew up with the original films (or even the poor souls that grew up with the prequel trilogy and so have a nostalgic fondness for those), or the need to pass under the scrutinous eye of the studious geeks who "know" how the Force and hyperdrives work (as though they're real things) - Andor is free to 'simply' build interesting characters, plots, storylines and visuals to give us the dramatic framework for what is shaping up to be just a damn good story and adventure.  Sadly, like Rogue One, it also stands - by example - as a reminder of what could have been. Of what a terrible wasted opportunity the rest of this latest run of Star Wars output has been (with just the occasional, infuriating glimmer of quality thinly veined through Obi-Wan and The Mandalorian).  Here's hoping the rest of this series manages to capitalise on this great start, and leaves us with at least one more properly good piece of work in this third age of Star Wars.
People are saying this is the best Star Wars since the original Trilogy - the reality is, if we take away nostalgia and sentiment (and as a forty something life long Star Wars nut) this could be even better.  The way the brutal rise of the Empire is depicted, paints the original Trilogy (in particular episode IV) in a whole new light. The destruction of the Death Star was the end of a rebellion struggle we only now get to understand in this beatifully shot series of story telling at its finest.  The acting, the characters, the hole-less plot, the tension, the score.... everything makes this perfect, and a seamless transition into the brilliant Rogue One and onwards.  One day I will sit down and watch both series of Andor, Rogue One and the original trilogy back to back to back to back.... that is Star Wars.
Marvel and Disney have been in quiet a tailspin in the post Disney era. After Kenobi and recent Marvel offerings I was just to give about to call it a day and retire from even entertainment the idea of watching new entries.  For Andor, the first 2 episodes were decent enough to keep me coming back for another episode. The 3rd episode is where I started to appreciate what this series was setting up and the tone it was going to carry through the season. By mid season I felt this was definitely one the must watches of the year.  I am looking forward to season 2 and do yourself a favor and be sure to stay through the credits of the finale episode!
I am an very old school Star Wars fan. I have remained a fan through all the ups and downs that The Star Wars universe has been put through of late. Even after the stomach churning nightmare that was the "Last Jedi". I'm still a devoted fan. I really wanted Andor to be good. Especially since Obi Wan was a wonderful surprise and so much better than I thought it would be. Unfortunately Andor is just sad. It like someone pasted together all the B roll footage of characters walking places and figured that the story would just write itself. All and I mean all the characters are so forgettable. My heart only lifted slightly in episode 5 when the rebel camp got a fly by from a TIE fighter. It's like getting a bowl of Lucky Charms with absolutely no marshmallows. I can't imagine how this show can get better at this point. But, as I mention, I am a fan. So I will hang in there until the bitter, boring end.
I recently finished Season 2 of Andor, and I have to say - calling it anything short of a masterpiece feels unfair.  Time's been tight lately, and I rarely get to watch anything. But after revisiting the original Star Wars trilogy (Episodes IV-VI), Andor's second season dropped at just the right moment. I quickly refreshed my memory of Season 1 with a YouTube recap and dove in.  What I found was a whole new layer of storytelling within the Star Wars universe - no Jedi, no aliens, not even a whisper of Vader. Instead, Andor focuses on the raw political mechanics of a galaxy slipping under the grip of imperial oppression. The parallels to certain real-world regimes are chilling and powerful.  What really stands out is the humanization of the Empire's enforcers. Stormtroopers aren't just faceless soldiers here - they have names, pasts, and inner conflicts. It reminded me of The Clone Wars animated series, where clones were given distinct personalities, but Andor takes it even further.  Yes, there are some time jumps that feel abrupt - likely to bridge into Rogue One - but it's a small price to pay for such rich world-building and emotional depth. It recontextualizes the events of Episode IV in fascinating ways.  In fact, watching Andor > Rogue One > A New Hope (Episode IV) creates a seamless, powerful arc - even for those unfamiliar with Star Wars lore.  Highly recommended for fans and newcomers alike.  Final verdict: 8 kyber crystals out of 10.
First off.. This is not Star Wars. Does not feel like Star Wars in any way. It's boring. An incident (not an action sequence.. An incident) happens at the beginning then it's just people skulking about in back alleys being followed.  The security personnel are more interesting to watch than the main characters. And the droid must have sucked out everyone's charisma because only he has it.  Andor does something that he did in Rogue One and at this point I'm like, nah this guy is not likeable at all.  This show is just so boring I'm in shock. It has very few redeeming qualities. The droid is good to watch but isn't on screen much and the security guys are interesting. But that's it. I can't bring myself to waste more time on this one.
The first episode was so slow and boring. I still have no idea what the plot is other than the speculation that comes with being a sequel.  You know how most first episodes, even if they have a slow start, leave you with a cliffhanger that really makes you want to watch the next episode? Not here! I literally have two more episodes available to watch immediately and zero interest in watching them.  Is this even a Star Wars series? You wouldn't know from watching it. Yeah they have a droid, but it's not a droid that reminds me of Star Wars. I think I heard them mention the Empire once or twice but at that point I was already half asleep from watching this.
Andor is a bold, gripping, and refreshingly mature entry in the Star Wars universe that stands out for its depth, tone, and storytelling. Unlike other Star Wars shows, Andor takes a grounded, slow-burn approach that focuses more on character development, political tension, and the human cost of oppression.  The supporting cast-especially Stellan Skarsgård as Luthen Rael and Fiona Shaw as Maarva-add real emotional weight and gravitas to the story.  This isn't just good Star Wars-Andor is good television. Period. It's a must-watch for fans of complex drama and anyone who appreciates thoughtful world-building and strong character arcs.
Awesome show, how Star Wars should be done moving forward. For those that know, S2 E8 alone makes the series the best we have seen from Star Wars in a long time.  Though I would say this is clearly targeted towards the older Star Wars fans. The show is a lot more involved and requires attention as can be a little complex though personally I believe it is better for it. Great to see the darker side to the Star Wars universe!  I hope Disney take note of this series success and apply to everything moving forward. Highly recommend, especially to any long time fan of the series that hasn't been impressed with recent years content.
I put off watching Andor and planned on skipping it altogether. Every single live-action show based on the IP has been a tragic disappointment in my opinion. Each of which received positive reviews from the mainstream as well as some independent critics. So why should I trust those very same entities that aggressively rave about Andor?!  Luckily for me I was bored due to disability and gave it a shot. I didn't care much for the first episode but by the middle of the second a switch was flipped. You can see where the money went on this beauty. Those sets and locations are stunning and finally present a vivid, yet lived in futuristic world far, far away and a long time ago. The actors are all excellent. The script and flow of the story are first rate. Andor is worth more to the IP George Lucas gave life too than ANYTHING Disney has produced combined. It may sound melodramatic, but that is my normie opinion, do with it what you will. Disney has finally put something on the table to compete with HBO's finest.
Andor season 2 is simply the best piece of Star Wars ever made. There is no contest. It is a story of struggle and sacrifice, a story of the forgotten heroes who rose up from the darkest days of Imperial dominance and pushed at the cracks in the shell of tyrrany that surrounded them. It is also the story of the bitter and ultimately broken individuals who found it so easy to bow to that tyrrany and further its aims. It ends not with a victory, but on the threshold of the prelude to that victory. It is superb. Star Wars began as a Saturday matinee fairytale and morphed into a bloated franchise colossus that groaned under its own weight. With Andor Disney has taken the best bit of post-Lucas SW and used it to redefine what the entire tale really stands for. It's no accident that not once is any mention made of magical Jedi or their struggle to use forks properly. These are real people, and they have a real story.
Captivating, Compelling and Cinematic. I think those are the perfect three words to describe this show.  Andor, is without doubt, the greatest thing Disney have done with the Star Wars Franchise since they acquired it back in 2012. This project has truly set the gold standard for this IP moving forward.  This show truly has everything you want in a Star Wars Project. Brilliant acting, excellent dialogue. Stunning cinematography, a fantastic soundtrack, and awesome action!  These two seasons, along with Rogue One, have added so much more depth and meaning to the Original Trilogy. Can't wait to rewatch those very soon!  To Tony Gilroy and the Production Team, thank you so much for producing this incredible masterpiece! Don't be sad it's over, be thankful that it happened!
This show offered me something both familiar and yet so different from the Star Wars I knew. It had the style and themes that I had already been a fan of, but it expanded on them, made them seem much closer and real. It always had a more grounded approach that made me immersed, attached to the story and characters, so much so that sometimes I felt like I was right beside them.  This show allowed me to view everything as it was happening from multiple sides all at once, and somehow sympathise with all sides, while still feeling like I am a part of it. Nothing ever felt dragged or forced; everything deepened my connection to the story.  All of this caused the twists; the brutal, emotional and thought provoking scenes to make me think "oh my god, I cannot believe this", made me get out of my bed and watch it standing, staring with amusement, shock, fear, sadness and investment all at once. What I never expected, was to catch a teardrop running down my face...
This is what I was hoping for when first hearing about the Star Wars shows on Disney+. After suffering through the horrible storylines, dialogue, and acting on The Mandalorian, Book of Boba Fett, and Obi-Wan Kenobi (although I liked Ewan McGregor), I've finally been rewarded with a non-cheesy plot, intelligent dialogue, and capable actors. This is the first Disney+ series that I didn't have to force myself to finish...including the Marvel ones. I actually looked forward to watching each new episode rather than just trudging through them out of a sense of duty to the franchises. We'll done, Tony Gilroy.
A series bigger than the universe it is part of. Together with Rogue One, this story competes with the original trilogy ... and it is a TIE, pun intended. The story starts slow, meticulously placing the characters on the board and taking its time to play a perfect match. The show is the people vs the tyrant, about guerrilla warfare versus military intelligence and love vs duty. It starts cold, but it heats up and ends full of heart. It is awesome at portraying the feelings of characters on both sides, rebel and imperial. Regardless of the faction, each character is powerful in their own right, but each one is also fragile and fractured. As for the end, Andor is as powerful as Rogue One.
Finally, Andor. And here I am really sad. A few years ago any Star Wars event created and exceeded immense expectations. Today it's just another Disney series that goes on the air. It saddens me that no one is talking about her at this moment when we are facing a series unlike any other. There are no masked and pistol-wielding bandits here, nor are there any jedis and siths. In this series there are flesh-and-blood heroes committed to the courage to start the rebellion. And to start a movement you need something very banal and instrumental: money. It is the money that buys weapons, that buys ammunition, uniforms, food, drink and everything else necessary to finance a war effort. On the other hand, when you can't rob the taxpayers like a tyranny, how can you gather resources capable of financing a war? All these answers are given to us in this series with subtle acting moments by the trio of main characters. It might be said that Andor doesn't aim to be epic like the Obi-Wan Kenobi series, but there's just as much good in it (unlike the Book of Bobba Fett) as there is in The Mandalorian.
I really don't know what to say other than that I find this show super boring so far. I'm a huge Star Wars buff but Andor just isn't a compelling character to start with. After Rogue One I didn't care about the character at all, and only decided to watch this show because the buzz on the internet was that it was good, but the tone is totally unlike any other Star Wars movie or show and frankly the plot is slow and uninteresting. I think they intended for it to be more gritty and therefore interesting, but there really isn't much of a plot so far and essentially no interesting characters. Kind of disappointing that Disney continues to put out poor quality Star Wars content.
This show. Is so freaking incredible. The writing is incredible. Acting is incredible. This is a slower paced, more mature Star Wars that if you hang in there, comes to such incredible climaxes throughout the seasons. I will watch this series over and over again because I enjoy everything about it so much. Luthen is one of my favorite Star Wars characters now. This is considered a must watch now not only for Star Wars fans but for fans of good television. I am absolutely shocked that Disney has this in them and hope they continue down a path like this. This is the only reason I still have any faith in Disney Star Wars.
The Disney corporation desperately needs to put the writers of Andor on top of all Star Wars projects from now on. If they have a care and respect for the Star Wars universe, they need to put these kind of people in charge. They might even redeem themselves after the disastrous humiliation of the past 15 years.  Andor has a heavy feel to it and you might need to be a bit patient for the story to reach fruition. Every character feels like a real person within the universe. The Empire feels again like a legit threat with intelligent and ruthless people. The struggle feels real and it becomes easy to emphasize with most characters. I highly recommend the show to all that love deep, intelligent storytelling.  Everybody and their grandmothers are so joyful that the era of ignorant hubris is coming to an end. Finally people are optimistic again for entertainment that respects and values customers and fans.  Here's to hoping! Cheers.
Very well done, nice sense of scale and aesthetics, the tone is right, beautiful scenery and nice acting... This is how Star Wars should be handled.  I Hope we could see more like this in the future... Disney have some problems with storylines from old characters but the news stories like mandalorian they nailed it... Please make this tone for the rest of the franchise. Star Wars should be a grown-up thing like most of the fans that grow up with. Stop wasting our time with current political agenda and give us timeless stories we can remember like the first movies from George Lucas. Thanks you Disney for let this happen.
I had left a hasty review after watching the first three episodes of Season 2 of Andor, I was not happy, but I MUST eat crow,the last 5 episodes were nothing less then spectacular. What we must understand is that this series is an espionage THRILLER, dealing with the infancy and forming of the Rebellion. Don't get me wrong there is plenty of action in this series, but it is a dialogue and character development piece. The acting was fantastic, so sad to know a lot of the main characters fate in the future will be devastating.  On a side note, I have to admit SW fans are probably the most critical and a lot of times ridiculous in their opinions. I am a fan in my 60s fortunate enough to see ALL of the films in first run, starting in 1977, there have been some very less desirable features over the past 10 years and people can say Disney ruined SW, and maybe in some ways they have. But Andor and Rogue One are as good as any of the original films, and I feel the reason is because people want the back stories that deal with the rebellion and the original Jedi Knights. The off shoot characters, Mandolrean, Book of Boba Fett,Ashoka, have less to do with those stories. With that being said, maybe less is better. MSWGA Making Star Wars Great Again.
We don't need stupid fan service like Obiwan or book of boba fett, we want good story telling and screenwriting like Andor! The story line, the character building, the realism, the music, the camera angles, the monologue, the connection to Rogue one - everything is just perfect. Disney - don't treat fans like idiots by doing fan service shows or cameos like Luke Skywalker in mandolorians, what we really want is Andor! Also, accept the fact that the sequel trilogy is a disaster, don't try to save it by doing new shows in that timeline such as mandalorian and Ashoka, we want more stores in prequel and empire era like Andor and bad batch!
A slowburn of a show, a bit too slow for my taste, while the storylines without Cassian Andor are really interesting, the Cassian Andor parts are the weakest parts of the dhow so far.  My biggest complain tho is, in the whole show is one Alien that says one sentence, the rest is Humans, and the locations, are all pretty, with one previously known exception.  I don't watch a Sci-fi-fantasy show to see Humans with realworld weapons camp in Ireland. Disney again doesn't use what Star wars has be really good in during George Lucas's times. Present an interesting and fascinating universe, with strange un-earthern environments and intelligent species.  So far the weakest of the "start of the rebellion" shows Disney put out.
The biggest surprise of 2022 in the tv/streaming part of the entertainment industry, and especially surprising because it is after like six or seven disappointed and mediocre to near garbaj Disney+ original shows. And It really does feel like HBO made it and not Disney+.  This is the first time I'm rating a tv show before finishing the whole first season, at least from Disney+, and I think I would give it a 9 either way at the end, so might as well give it now, because the show Is that good.  First of all, it's all in the writing, it doesn't matter if you have the best tech and best people for every part of the production and the best Oscar-winning actors, if the writing is bad, nothing can save it. So kudos to the Gilroy brothers and the other writers for making this show. It looks like Disney finally hired actual professional writers who know how to craft a story in an interesting way and make the audience care about the characters and the story. The only setback of the writing and this season so far in my opinion is the first two episodes which are perfectly mediocre. There's nothing really bad about them per se and obviously setting up takes time, but one could argue that they could've combined those two episodes and made a longer one-hour or 1:15-hour episode. I think some tropes and clichés happen in there which I really didn't care for, so that's why I think the writing was kinda your run-of-the-mill storytelling we've seen before.  But after episode three and going on a new adventure and meeting new characters, it just picks up the pace and the show gets better and better with each episode.  The reason this show works and others don't, is because like Tony Gilroy the writer and showrunner said, they made a show for adults. Unlike certain other SW shows, this show doesn't need fightsabers and blaster fights every 10 minutes to keep the low attention span people that only need action to get hooked, they do that with great writing, interesting and well-written characters, and great dialogue.  The writers know in order to make a great story and have the audience actually care about your characters and have actual tension and stakes, your story first needs buildup and world-building. So this show is a slow burn for that reason but not in a boring way. With no buildup, comes great disappointing plot points and endings. The way they tell a story and focus more (or the same amount) on the planning and preparation and setup than the payoff is reminiscent of how Better Call Saul told its story.  The writing is honestly pretty much airtight and I haven't encountered anything that made me go "oh god why are they doing that, is this show written for 4-year-olds?" and such. Every decision characters make makes sense in a way and you don't have cringey Tony Stark wannabe characters quipping and joking every two sentences to keep the children watching amused.  It's not surprising too that every actor in here does their job so well and thanks to both the actors and the brilliant writing, these characters come to life and make us believe they're actually real to the point that even the background and side characters feel like actual characters that have a life outside of this show's perspective and their short screentime.  I care about these characters I've only known for two episodes more than I did in Obi-Wan Kenobi for characters I loved for many years from three movies.  The show is also shot beautifully and the production value of this show compared to Obi-Wan Kenobi's is like Lord of the Rings vs Tommy Wiseau's The Room.  Just about everything in this show seems top quality and professional and looks like everybody who worked on this actually cared about the project and tried to make the best they could and they have absolutely succeeded.  The story structure for the most part of the show is that you have three episodes that each contain their own little plot that is connected to the larger overall story and plot of the show and the first two episodes of each arc are setup and buildup with the third being a big action episode with the payoff to pretty much most of the setup in the previous two. And with each arc, it just gets better and better and the prison arc so far has been the best and 10/10.  I would say this is the first time a piece of Star Wars content - at least the live-action ones because I haven't seen the animated shows - has actually managed to make The Empire look and feel as menacing and as big of a threat. They do a really good job of showing the inner workings of The Empire and making them actually smart and not a cartoon villain they've been shown to us as before.  This show is just honestly a gem between all the nonsense Disney+ has put out these past couple of years and it's a breath of fresh air after all those disappointing MCU and Star Wars shows we saw these past two years and all the controversial Sequels.  I tried to keep the review short and not get into details that much nor to spoil anything, but the review still seems big enough, so I'll just say this, even if you hate Star Wars and have had a Star Wars/MCU fatigue for a while, or even if you haven't seen any Star Wars movies before, watch this. If you prefer slow-burn stuff with more good dialogue and writing than action that gets boring after 10 seconds, watch this. It's a great adult show that is actually dark and brutal about the fascist Empire and has great acting from A-list actors, great cinematography and visuals, good music, and great directing and writing. Not only the best thing Disney+ has put out since its inception, but one of the best shows of 2022 and one of the best shows in general.
I don't have a lot of time to watch television, less time to devote to a series. With that said, the first episode has to grab my attention. Sadly this one did not. The characters were dull and the plot seemed to lack momentum. I'm sure some people will say "Oh it really gets good by episode 5", but I'm getting tired of seeing about 2 hours of decent entertainment stretched across 10 episodes.  Disney seems to be missing the target by a wide margin lately, especially with Marvel. Obi-Wan was fantastic but this one fell flat for me.  Perhaps when all the episodes drop I'll try to binge watch it on a free weekend.
Watched Episodes 1 and 2 so far and this is going to be a slow burn. Everything seems to be happening in slow motion. There are long shots of unestablished characters standing contemplatively with no dialog that seem go on without end.  I'm not sure who this show is for, but it's not for young kids. And the OG Star Wars fans who've hung this long probably aren't compelled by these characters who are so disconnected from the treble trilogies in this prequel of a prequel. We've seen antiheros in Star Wars before, but the moral ambiguity of the titular character really doesn't align with the major players in the rest of the Star Wars Universe.  Finally, if a series is going to be called Star Wars, it should have either space (stars) or battles (wars), so far, both are in very short supply.
Absolutely fantastic! Simply amazing! You can feel the love and passion poured into every moment of this series. This is storytelling at its finest, deeply rooted in the spirit of Star Wars. I'm genuinely excited to rewatch Andor Seasons 1 and 2, followed by Rogue One and then the Original Trilogy. That sequence captures the essence of what Star Wars truly is - powerful, emotional, and deeply immersive. Everything that came after the OT just doesn't compare and, in my opinion, only detracts from the incredible experience built by those earlier stories. This - this - is what Star Wars was always meant to be.
I'm so glad to be alive and have been able to experience this. Andor isn't better than the other series just because it's "more mature" and deals with heavier themes. No - we could easily have another show trying to do that and still end up with a mess. Andor is the best thing to come out of Star Wars since 1980 because it was done exceptionally well. Every aspect - from the writing, directing, acting, to the set and costume design - has been crafted with incredible care.  It's mind-blowing how a 24-episode series can completely overshadow what was supposed to be the flagship of Star Wars TV - the overrated The Mandalorian, and even Rogue One. This series is a masterpiece, without the slightest doubt.  Thank you, Tony Gilroy, and the entire team who made this possible - proving how ridiculous it is to claim that you need to be a Star Wars fan to make something great in this universe. No. What you need is a love for cinema, and the skill to tell stories well.  I've loved every single detail of this show - even the most subtle ones, like how flowers grow (and are cared for) in the places where the Rebellion begins to bloom: Luthen's shop, Maarva's house, Cassian's hut on Yavin, or Mon Mothma's apartment. Nothing feels random. Everything is there to convey a constant atmosphere of oppression under the Empire, and to show how the Empire erodes human relationships - family, love, everything. Every character is emotionally tied to someone they lose because of the Empire, which makes their fight feel deeply justified and raises the tension more and more with each episode.  I can only say thank you. For me, someone who always saw The Empire Strikes Back as something untouchable... right now, Andor is its equal. I never thought I'd live to experience something like this, but here we are - and I'm truly happy.  "I have friends everywhere."
Firstly, the series is magnificent. Everything has already been said in defence of Andor, as well as in condemnation of it. In my eyes, it's incontestable that Gilroy and the rest of the developers, writers, actors, set staff, etc., have tapped into something new for not only the Star Wars-universe, but within the arts.  Instead of endlessly heaping praise on the show, I would rather address the specific criticism of its not fitting into the themes which lie at the foundation of Star Wars. The lack of lightsabers, concrete force use, and clear-cut good and evil are not consistent criticisms. To be sure, the Original Trilogy was more formulaic in its moral themes, but that is hardly equivalent with claiming that there was an ever-present clear and right moral choice in every scene. Star Wars has instead always been occupied with the matter of subversive acts in the name of freedom, in the face of monumental odds, in a fantastical setting. It is fundamentally human, fundamentally political, without necessarily endorsing any other position than the autonomy of beings unwillingly robbed of their agency. I am unable to see how Andor does anything other than this. Perhaps some viewers prefer the idealised, so to speak, 'Knights of the Temple of the Jedi' as a group entrusted with an awesome purpose by a transcendental fire, while all others are by their ignorance expected to yield to the yoke of the very same. I feel this is a poor reading, and (as is obvious for the one reading this) contradictory to the very ethical impetus which defines the Star Wars-Universe.  I, for one, want to see all those not entrusted retrieve that agency by sheer power of will. As Gilroy and others obviously intended, it is deeply human, and tells us about ourselves.
Wow. That's all I have...  Disney pulled off the BEST Star Wars since Rogue One: A Star Wars Story.  Finally! It only took god knows how many years - but finally, it was the equivalent of Star Trek: Picard Season 3 - The writers and producers made something very special here. Finally giving the fans something they have wanted for a very VERY long time.  Everything woven carefully, meticulously, and every little plot point, character arc, all in the same tapestry, and WHAM! You get hit over the head with a brick!  Nothing predictable, subterfuge, deception, and some seriously depraved actions by the Empire - just incredible...  Take Notes, Kathleen Kennedy...
Just finished Andor Season 2 and it had me hooked from beginning to end. The pacing, the tone, the stakes...it all hits just right. And can we just talk about the decision to release multiple episodes at once? Amazing... It makes such a difference bingeing a few episodes in a row, it lets you get fully immersed without that frustrating wait between weeks. You're pulled in, and the show doesn't let go.  One of the things Andor does exceptionally well is embrace every core element that makes the Star Wars universe so rich. The politics. The war. The quiet tension behind closed doors. The chaos on the streets. It's all there. They've done an incredible job of showing how the Empire enforces its agenda and its suffocating control over people's lives and with that how resistance slowly builds.  Then there's the speech..Great... Even though it's coming from a fictional world, the message hit hard. It felt surprisingly relevant, like it was written for today, not a galaxy far far away.  But perhaps the most impressive part of all is how Season 2 pulls everything together. It all builds toward something bigger. Something meaningful. The story doesn't drift.... It connects. And by the end, you realize just how nicely crafted this journey has been.  Amazing show.. a real star wars master piece.
You can do any kind of genre under an ultra-popular and proven IP like Star Wars. If the price we have to pay to get good shows is having to put them under existing IP to get them made, we'll just have to live with that.  This is a sweeping political thriller, obviously left-wing coded ("great left-wing art" in NYT's resident conservative Ross Douthat's words), tackling both some eternal questions about strategy and tactics of insurgency movements to some current political conflicts: Illegal migration, the carceral state, colonialism, capitalism, energy politics, extraction of minerals etc.  It's an ensemble piece, there are no star-making turns and it's just a lot of servicable performances. Over two years in between seasons I honestly remembered none of the actors when the second season started, nor remembered their plotlines, the acting is not where this is at. The last three episodes of the second season got weaker because they had to tie it all in with the preceeding movie and do the fan-service for all the obsessive fandom, but it's generally not constrained by being Star Wars. It looks great too.  Two thumbs up for Tony Gilroy.
Quite tedious so far, its barely Starwars at all. The main character is a badly acted unlikeable emo with a near constant scowl on his little face. Started well in the hope of a decent gritty starwars show but then tails off badly episode after episode. There is zero tension and zero suspense as the story is trite and plodding, we have seen it all before. Andor is a 6 episode series that has been dragged out into many episodes of filler and boredom. When you watch an entire episode and all they have done is spend 20 minutes walking past some goats then something is wrong. Still, some nice scenery if thats your thing. It may well pick up in the second half of the season.
Andor has proven to be my favorite of the Star Wars Disney+ series, because it simply provides the basics of storytelling. Characters have motivation and personality, the dialogue is smart and snappy, and the stakes feel personal and real. The production team has also done a wonderful job creating a world that looks and sounds blue collar - no Jedi or Sith, just billions of working persons trying to make a living and simply get by. All the flash of Star Wars - the lightsaber fights, space battles and blaster fights, come second to simply telling a decent story. And for that alone, I think Andor is a step in the right direction.
I really liked "Andor", the storytelling reminds me a lot of the original Star Wars movies. The show is in my opinion well balanced: there are many slow-burner sequences with detailed dialogues that expand the vast lore, followed by some action-packed scenes. The series also provides the back story of Cassian. Creators explained his origins through short but effective flashbacks that push the audience to come back for more. Episodes are tense, there is a lot at stake for the main characters and their victory is not taken for granted. Screenwriters had a more likely approach on the whole rebellion storyline. The series is also showing the point of view of the Empire through the perspective of Dedra Meero, portrayed amazingly by Denise Gough. Finally a worthy villain, after the complete fiasco of Kylo Ren in the latest trilogy or the Third Sister in "Obi Wan Kenobi". I enjoyed the performance of Diego Luna, I really liked him in "Rogue One" and he was consistent in this production as well. In general the cast was competent and I feel that every character had the right amount of screentime. No one was left behind, and this is why I am really looking forward to season two, as some narrative arcs feel incomplete. Starting from episode 7 there are a few plot elements that are a bit dragged on, slowing slightly the pace of the show. This is my only complaint. This is a good SW story, and I definitely recommend it to all the fans of the franchise.
Super slow, boring. Nothing happens, just long drawn out story line. Characters are not iteresting enough to hold attention, so far not impressed yet. Nothing worthwhile has happened yet in 3 episodes. No one wants an origin story solely focused just Cassian, his story so far is very boring.  Hoping it somehow gets better. All of these rave reviews are clearly either affiliated with the press of this release or being paid for positive reviews.  There is no sense of warning or any real threat, there is zero subtitles to understand what is being said in his native tongue, which is another sure way to lose your audience.
Andor is by far the best Star Wars series Disney has produced. It stands out with its mature tone, deep character development, and a meaningful, grounded story. This isn't just fan service or flashy effects - it's intelligent, well-paced storytelling with real emotional and political weight. At last, we have a solid and coherent plot that doesn't feel rushed or underdeveloped. Unlike recent misfires like The Acolyte, Andor proves that Star Wars can still offer substance, depth, and truly compelling drama when placed in capable hands. It's a series I would definitely rewatch and highly recommend even to those who aren't Star Wars fans.
First off we need more Kleya. This character went from a side thought to arguably the most important person in Star Wars. Season 2 definitely made up for what season 1 was lacking. Beautiful cinema work from Tony Gilroy. This is what Star Wars from Disney needs to be like. It was so refreshing to see Star Wars in a new light. The force is suppose to be this mysterious thing and Andor captured that essence by only hinting at it. Not everyone or every story needs a force user in it. Don't get me wrong, I enjoy my force users in the movie, but having shows like this improves the story telling in Star Wars. More Kleya please!!!! Elizabeth did an amazing job making that character!!!!
Like many others here, I would give more than 10 stars if possible! Both seasons were some of the best Television Dramas I have ever seen, and season 2 was flawless. The last few episodes were pure perfection, and you must commend everyone involved! The acting was first-rate from all the characters, and I am just brokenhearted now that it is over. All the main people's back stories were amazing, and the writing had me on the edge of my seat! It is something, along with Rogue One, that I will watch again and again. Thee production values on this entire series were superb. If these guys can produce the likes of this in the Star Wars saga, I cannot wait to see what they do next! Simply the best TV I've seen ever!
For people of a certain age, Star Wars is a part of the bedrock of our childhood.  I am of a certain age and I was a kid in the 1980s watching the original trilogy on a VHS repeat loop.  It feels like Gilroy & Co have actually tapped into that original nostalgia, but have delivered us (people of a certain age) a story with nuance and intelligence that fits with the age that those 70's and 80's kids now find themselves at.  Had I watched the content of Andor in 1987 I would not have understood it, or liked it and would probably have dismissed it.  That is the genius of this show, and probably this was the punt/pitch that Gilroy & Co made to the Disney executives, "hey lets make an intelligent, exciting, modern style thriller of a TV Show that can stand up to the likes of 'Sopranos' and Breaking Bad' but make it fit within the context of an idea that was created nearly 50 years ago that really appealed to kids and young people at that time - those kids have grown up now, and they would love this"  This does not pander to a Disney agenda of trying to make a new generation of Star Wars fans using a valuable Intellectual Property and make it a current generation friendly piece of work, but actually they have delivered a piece of captivating television, a piece of television that would stand-up on its own if delivered outside of the Star Wars universe.  That's the genius, it gives us 80's kids the same, if not, a better a TV series drama that we expect in this modern age, but perfectly and expertly dovetails it like a master carpenter into the same beauty of aesthetic that we loved as children.  So I echo the sentiment of others that have made the same call, thank you for allowing me to be in my late 40's and enjoy a TV show and feel like I am 8 years old at the same time!  If you asked another person to give you that experience, they would most likely suggest you need to seek self-delusion or magic!  For me this was magic!
Andor has cemented itself as one of, if not the best Star Wars content we have got so far. All round consistent and very mature. While it can be slow paced at multiple times, this adds a whole new level to the story and the development of the characters. The achievement in directing, cinematography and writing are only some of the highlights. In addition to this, the dialogue is probably the best out of any Star Wars content. Unforgettable moments like Luthen's or Mon Mothma's speech are obviously some of the moments that have stuck with me and have become undeniable highlights of this beloved franchise. The development of so many new characters keeps the series fresh while also adding value to the story of "Rogue One". Beside amazing arcs of personas such as Andor, Mothma and Saw, the newly created characters of Syril Karn and Dedra Meero have offered us perhaps the best writing of any character in the franchise. Overall, the show keeps a way above average consistency with the highest peak being reached during the final 2 arcs of the last season.
I will be brutally honest here. I am not a fan of Disney Star Wars, I actually hate what they have done to the IP as much as the next guy.  But Andor is so criminally underrated and glossed over by the fanbase I have to add my cent to it, because simply it is so well written and acted that it is a crying shame it is not on everyone's lips.  The writing of this show is so phenomenal and the acting so nuanced and on-point, I keep pinching myself to make sure I am not hallucinating the whole thing.  I am talking about pre-season 6 GoT level of dialogue, exceptional cinematography and nuanced messages. I am so impressed with how the quality of the show increases with every passing episode that I get this giddy excitement we used to get in anticipation of the next episode in Breaking Bad, Better Call Saul and early GoT.  You are doing yourself a great disservice if you refuse to treat yourself to this hidden masterpiece. Yes, Obi-Wan sucked, yes the sequels stank, yes you are so bitter and hurt by Disney's castration of every beloved SW character ever. But please, watch this and I promise you will NOT regret it.  I do not care who runs the show, if Andor is any indication of the direction Disney is taking SW, I AM ON BOARD! And if not and they plan to keep pooping on SW, I still thank them for Andor, it is THAT good of a show.
The first episode was so slow and boring. I still have no idea what the plot is other than the speculation that comes with being a sequel.  The whole Empire/Rebel thing has gotten stale now and they just copying stuff from the ww2 era for this series.  You know how most first episodes, even if they have a slow start, leave you with a cliffhanger that really makes you want to watch the next episode? Not here! I literally have two more episodes available to watch immediately and zero interest in watching them.  People calling this 'deep' and 'mature'....just lol. Long dialogues don't make a show deep and mature, altho this show tries hard to appear so.  Where's the aliens? Aliens are what make SW special, otherwise it's just a generic show in Space. I doubt anyone would remember this show 5 years later. Disney needs to move on from this Era already.
Bear with me for a second. I live in London and honestly I find it very off putting and unrealistic the everyone speaks with very strong and distinct British accent. It just feels like I'm watching my neighbours and locals acting in the movie. If you were from let's say Australia, wouldn't you mind if all actors spoke with Australian accent? In this movie , 90% or more spoken English is with British accent. A lot of new productions do this nowadays and I just can't bear it. It's both lazy and unrealistic. What happened with training to learn a new accent as other actors such as Anthony Hopkins or Christian Bale have done in the past?
I love the Star Wars universe. At the moment it just seems to be Andor running around looking constantly harassed. Don't get me wrong the sets look great and it's clear that money has been spent but I'm finding it dull. People are saying it's a breath of fresh air and that it's a change of pace but to me it doesn't feel like Star Wars. Why would you not want it to feel like Star Wars?  Andor has one movie to his name with Rogue One so he's hardly an iconic character and wasn't really a stand out in that. I'll give it another episode or 2 and see what happens but the way it's going I can see not finishing this unless it picks up.
After being disappointed with every Disney production around Star Wars, I liked the first season of Andor, and I am LOVING the second season. This might just be the best star wars production ever! Even better than Rogue One in my opinion.  Depth of characters, complex scenario, nothing is black or white, nothing is childish: it feels like HBO, not Disney, and its awesome to feel this in a Star Wars Universe!  The events depicted can even resonate with current political events and wars, where lies and propaganda are stronger than facts, and it's a good surprise to see this kind of narrative from Disney. Kudos!
Perfectly crafted and thoughtfully organized, we won't see anything like this again for a very long time.  It goes without saying the praise this great series presents in all its wonderful and beautiful work. It perfectly combines history, ideas, cruelty, humanity, ego, beauty, humility, society, rebellion, and history in a time when we never thought we'd see anything like it again.  It is an art as pure as very few have been able to see, it is the highest of the series and it happens to be a before and after.  Andor is definitely more than a masterpiece; it's an event that marks a turning point, and it's beautiful to see that we can all enjoy it.
Fantastic story, amazing characters, perfect timeline. The fact this exists off the star wars story is legendary. Love it all so much. The cinematography is exquisite, the characters develop so well and the payoff is worth everything. I found myself thinking about the scenario the characters and the choices I would make in same situation. The lead up to existing Rouge One and how it amplifys that movie is perfect. The adult themes and pace make me wish we had so much more of this style in the star wars universe. I hope the team that put this together get to do much much more for the cannon. Thank you.
Holy crap. What a show. This is perhaps the best Star Wars has ever been since 1980, maybe even better. In an era of Star Wars dominated by cheap-looking and over-budgeted streaming shows, Andor stands out with brilliant visuals, acting, writing and set design. It truly has everything. What started as a TV show about the 2nd main character from Rogue One has become the definitive story about the fight against fascism.  The most obvious place to start showering praise is of course the technical aspects. The visuals are unparalleled, even by other Star Wars movies. The set design and cinematography immerse you in this galaxy far far away and it has never felt more alive and well-realised. The score is masterfully put together and it would take a whole other essay to explain why. For once, a Star Wars TV show looks worth its massive budget.  The next aspect that is immaculate is of course the writing. Damn is this show well-written. From character conversations to absolute top-notch monologues, all the writing is full of subtext and nuance. This extends to the characters as well. Almost every character is memorable and fleshed out in this show. One-off characters go through strong arcs and the main characters are absolutely amazing. Cassian Andor is now one of the best characters in all of Star Wars.  In keeping with this show's high standards, the acting is excellent. Diego Luna, Genevieve O'Reilly, Stellan Skarsgård, Adria Arjona, Denise Gough and Kyle Soller all give excellent performances this just a small list of the actors who bring their A-game. Everyone plays their characters to perfection.  Finally, this show might just be the most politically relevant of this decade. Star Wars has always taken its influences from the politics of its time but never has it been more apparent here. This show is unabashedly about the fight against fascism, exploring how fascist organisations oppress, manipulate and consume people, the true cost of fighting against it and the morally complex choices the characters have to make for the sake of rebellion. All of it is done with care and nuance and it is all emotionally riveting.  Overall, this not only stands as the very best Star Wars has to offer, it is one of the finest TV shows ever made. It is infinitely rewatchable, excellently written with no shortage of excellent spectacle. A treat for fans and non-fans.
Everyone has their own rebellion -Vel Sartha E5  "The axe forgets, but the tree remembers" -Arvel Skeen E5  "The Empire has no moral boundaries, why should we not take hold of every chance we can? Let them see how an insurgency adapts." -Karis Nemik E6  "Has anyone ever made a weapon that wasn't used?" -Luthen Rael E7  "I'll be thinking about you all the time." -Cassian "Well... that's just love." -Maarva Andor E7  "Oppression breeds rebellion" -Luthen Rael E8  "Can one ever be too agressive in preserving order?" -Syril Karn E9  "Let's call it... War." -Saw Gerrera E9  "Power doesn't panic." -Cassian Andor E10  "I burned my life to make a sunrise I know I'll never see!" -Luthen Rael E10  "I'm condemned to use the tools of my enemy - to defeat them." -Luthen Rael E10  "The Imperial need for control is so desperate because it is so unnatural. Tyranny requires constant effort. It breaks, it leaks. Authority is brittle. Oppression is the mask of fear." -Karis Nemik E12  "There is a wound that won't heal at the center of the galaxy. There is a darkness reaching like rust into everything around us. We let it grow, and now it's here. It's here, and it's not visiting anymore. It wants to stay." -Maarva Andor E12.
This is how the entire Star Wars universe should be. Intriguing, intelligent, dark plots, with the side of the forces and their meanders and interests. I haven't seen anything like this since the 70s-80s, since Empire Strikes Back. For fans of real Star Wars, a must watch. Without sparing star actors, showing the brutality of the thirst for power, and giving meaning to the main plot of episodes IV, V and VI. It seems that Disney has found its way again here. May there be more parallel stories like this. And after watching the 12th episode (I think it's the series finale), I went back to watch Rogue One. The follow-up was very good.
Ohmygod - Season 2 is the best show I've seen all year... I am absolutely stunned that a Disney+ series has become T H I S bada$$ ???????? and that there is such a difference between season one and season two (to me at least)...  The May 6 episodes really left me breathless at the heartbreaking emotional toll that a rebellion takes on every level of society... whether that be the innocent rebellion or even several of the imperialist characters that were actually traumatized by the horrific violence and atrocities that were committed. It was brilliant how it puts you emotionally "there" to feel and experience an actual rebellion and all that goes into it...
This one is a bit different than most Star Wars genre. In the past there was more emphasis on action and cool special effects. Andor is more about the characters and the acting is more in depth.  I like that. Not that the pure fun of previous Star Wars movies was bad. Quite the contrary. It's just that those looking for that kind of entertainment this time might find the plot a bit slow moving. An there is NOT so much in the way of special effects. I don't mind at all.  My only complaint, as it is with many modern dramas etc. , is that the actors mumble. They do. I really need the subtitles and even then I need to rewind and play a scene again just to understand the dialogue. Sometimes again and again. Such is the current fad in acting these days. Mumbling. It could also be these American ears struggling with British accents, but no...they are mumbling.  This isn't the first time such a trend existed. I'm thinking of Marlon Brando in his heyday. Yes unfortunately that is back. I think in mind of directors and actors at present mumbling equals realism. Maybe but you still need to remember your audience and that they need to understand the dialogue.
Perhaps the best Star Wars spin-off series so far, Andor's superb script, visuals and performances will grip you throughout its duration. The force is indeed strong with this dark, grounded show, which comfortably departs from the Star Wars formula in significant ways.  A gritty, layered prequel to the highly popular (and also prequel) movie Rogue One: A Star Wars Story, Andor follows Cassian Andor (Diego Luna) on a five-year journey as he grows from a revolution-averse, shifty, cynical con man to a selfless, Empire-defying rebel against the Galactic Empire. When confronted with enemy after enemy, Andor continually proves himself to be the perfect sort of spy, revolutionary and killer.  Thank you, Tony Gilroy, for creating this series. It's simply incredible. Driven by mood, Andor seems more like a crime drama or a Ridley Scott sci-fi film than a true Star Wars film. Though the first two episodes are a bit slow and offer pretty low-stakes, with lots and lots of exposition, Luna pushes the series, one of his best performances yet, to excellence. Episode three, especially, is WOW. His power to add nuance to what starts as a one-dimensional personality - surly dude disillusioned with his surroundings - is remarkable. We're lucky he reprised his role. Adding a tiny note here, I love how Luna keeps his native Mexican accent in all his portrayals of Cassian Andor. It adds something to the role! The plot of Andor is simple enough, and this allows for both the trademark character development and world-building of the Star Wars universe and also the slow reveal of the Rebel Alliance forming. Stellan Skarsgård's portrayal of Luthen Rael is subtle without being dry, and he helps elevate the show and make it even more riveting. The production quality, much like the acting, is off the charts; every scene is engineered to be utterly stunning. Half the time the feeling of dread is offset by, "oh my goodness, look at the sky." All of this - the new tone, new feel, new style - might be too different for some, but the utter novelty is to be appreciated. Finally, the beautiful score by Nicholas Britell adds so much to the retro-futurism of Andor and makes the performances pop even more.  Andor promotes fighting for good causes, allowing yourself to be taken by passion, and leading others for the greater good. Beyond these lessons, it's also a master class (tonally, visually, sonically) for filmmakers playing in the sandbox. There are some sexual undertones in the first episode and violent scenes.  I give Andor 4.5 stars out of 5 and recommend it for ages 12 to 18, plus adults. Andor releases on Disney+ September 21, 2022. By Eshaan M., KIDS FIRST!
It should be noted that the mature tone of Andor is commendable. It's not a series that is meant to appeal to kids, such as Mandalorian or Boba Fett.  It cuts through the tin can self contained episode format that Star Wars television seems to be ruled by. And, much like Obi Wan, it tells a continuous narrative that builds.  The main problem with Andor is its allusions to Blade Runner. It seems to borrow a lot from it, including the more minimalist tones and slow beats of the drama. So some scenes feel tenuous and strained as the dialogue and conversations seem overly teased and indulgent in parts. I understand that this is by design to provide exposition but due to the restricted character writing, it offers little love for the characters.  This appears to be a Rebel act which is likely setting larger Rebel acts in motion, however, we are now halfway through the season and little in terms of moving the plot has happened.  This too seems to be a construct of serialised shows with a long narrative in recent times. A slow and repetitive arc where all of the story telling is left for the third act and often, not entirely requiring the initial filler episodes.  The writing is solid, the pacing is slow and repetitive, the scenery and landscapes are beautiful. The world building is beautiful. It's not a bad show, hence the critique might sound harsh but it is missing something. It doesn't give you the Star Wars atmosphere and while this might be because they want to show us something new, there should be equal investment in characterising the new elements as there as in world building something that's closer to Blade Runner than it is to Star Wars.  At the halfway point during the first season, I am entertained but it is missing some of the Star Wars elements the other Lucasfilm offerings were careful to include.
I'm as big as a Star Wars fan as the next guy but come on! What is Disney doing? I feel asleep during the first half of the show and had to restart to find out what was going on. Turns out I didn't miss much.. I feel like giving up on Star Wars all together after this. Is just one bad thing after another and Star Wars isn't the only one suffering. Marvel is too. As if they can't find competent writers. Or maybe they are using cheap writers to save money. Makes sense. Being cheap and expecting the brand to sell itself. It was a good plan but it won't be for long. The core fan base is displeased with the creative vision and requires George Lucas to step in.
The cinematography is top tier. The lighting and color pallet is perfect. The characters are realistic. The FX and props are traditional where appropriate and seamlessly blended. There is almost zero comic relief. This is a gritty spy drama with moments of action (generally PG13, because Disney) and deep character development. The actors are skilled, the visuals are gorgeous, and the galaxy feels alive. This is the best Star Wars content since the last 2 seasons of the animated Clone Wars series.  Disney needs to cut loose the creative minds who gave us the new trilogy and promote those who are responsible for this. The original Star Wars content is a treasure and should be respected for its place in time and culture; I think Star Wars as a franchise has massive potential if it is treated like the violent and bleak conflict its narrative portrays.
This show continues to blow me away. It plunges the depths of what it really takes to build a rebellion. It asks how its's done, what's the real cost, and why there even needs to be one. It actually shows us the inner workings of the empire and why we should despise them. It's beautifully written, directed, acted, and shot. Each episode gets better and better(you have no idea). The speeches given in E10 are god level. This is better than any other star was property, including the OG films. Cant believe I'm saying this, but a star wars show might be the best prestige tv show of the year.  "I burn my life to make a sunrise that I know I'll never see."  You need to watch this.
What Star Wars could actually be. Well written, well acted, like it could actually happen. This sets a higher bar for other Star Wars productions. THIS is what I had hoped Disney would bring to the table when they bought Star Wars.  That was my review but now I have to reach the 600 word requirement, so:  To take a charter like Cassian Andor and create at least two seasons of content in like this. . . WHY isn't Disney cranking out programs like this. They found the formula. Now they just need to do MORE of it. You don't need over the top CGI, not when you have top shelf writing, acting and production.
Finally, a Star Wars addition which elevates. It's slower, far less action driven, yet more suspenseful as a result. The characters have layers and complex motivations. I especially love the weird master/sub relationship forming with the ISB commander and her weird stalker who lives with his mother. It's full of odd details and threads.  This show also feels true to the core themes and style of the original trilogy. In some ways it's more effective. We feel a strong sense of oppression, ambiguous ethics, dirty hands, and meaningful formation of a rebellion. It's a refreshing change and a more mature Star Wars.
Andor is not just the best that Disney has accomplished with Star Wars - it's one of the best-written science fiction series in recent years. From start to finish, the show provides us with a slow-burning, character-driven narrative that is down-to-earth, emotionally resonant, and politically incisive.  What sets Andor apart is its incredible character development. You don't just watch these characters - you understand them, relate to their cause, and observe them grow. The emotional richness is authentic and unpretentious. Cassian's transformation from being a reluctant survivor to being a committed revolutionary is done so skillfully that it always rings true every step of the way.  The series perfectly delves into rebellion's genesis - not in gleaming battles or Jedi mysticism, but in the quiet, dangerous work of ordinary folk pushed to the edge. The storytelling is linear but layered, showing the cost of resistance and the courage it requires to fight oppression.  Andor is not only for fans of Star Wars - it speaks to a much broader audience. Its allegories evoke real corruption, totalitarianism, and domination of society. It's full of subtle but forceful commentary on how authoritarian dictatorships are formed and how the uprisings against them are born out of disparity and need.  This is Star Wars storytelling in its most grown-up, most relevant, and most compelling form. A must-see.
Some people think that starwars is just about lightsabers and wars, and Andor made their mouth shut by showing how the rebellion is formed and political drama. Andor made clear that fighting alone in the battlefield is not only way to win the war, it's about keeping the truth alive and it needs patience, selflessness, unity. Finally, this series made Rogue One even more heartbreaking and sad.  Luthen rael is the unsung hero of the rebellion. We witnessed his side of story and how he build the rebellion.  In season 1 the speeches of Luthen rael and maarva, in season 2 the the speech of Mon mothma are the powerful and one of greatest in the starwars.
Too little. Definitely not. Too late, sadly yes.  I slightly enjoyed The Mandalorian. I failed to even engage with the laughable Book of Boba Fett. Kenobi started off with b grade quality but managed to add some semi-decent pathos by the end.  Andor, however managed to be the best piece of fictional drama I have seen in recent years. I'd go so far as to say that it's Disney + actually and surprisingly best series to date across the board. It's Disney's The Wire.  As stated by many, it's the best Starwars entry since The Empire Strikes Back. I'd go further. I believe it's the best character driven work in the Starwars universe, ever.  The original trilogy was a masterpiece, and in its era it revolutionised soft sci-fi, but the characters were one dimensional, and its dialogue was wooden. Andor surpasses all of this, plus no Ewoks. I loved the Ewoks when I was Eight Years old, but after the gravitas of The Empire Strikes Back, we didn't need any space teddy bears. Nor did we need Leia to lose all the spine she had in A New Hope. Leia was great in that film.  Sadly, Starwars' recent legacy has doomed this masterpiece. Poor viewership, and poor advertisement has relegated it to a work that Disney is already sweeping under the rug.  Andor did more world building than any Starwars entry ever. Andor did better character drama than any Starwars entry ever, and it absolutely nailed showing why the Empire was a force of evil... Andor's reward is to be the least viewed work in the franchise. The least valued work in the franchise and has already been cut from a five-season drama piece that might have rivalled The Wire in gravitas, given the chance.  Andor is now limited to being a two-season work that I doubt Disney + will ever attempt to rival or surpass. Expect nothing more than dross from here on out.
Andor is a frustrating watch, particularly as Season 2 is progressing.  It is Compellingly Boring!  By this, I mean that some of the plot is absolutely compelling and among the best Star Wars there is, yet some of it is frustratingly dull, unnecessary and, yes, boring.  I'm a fan of slow burn shows like Better Call Saul, so it's not that I can't take slow moving shows that build characters.  However, 2 and a half seasons in, it's a real mixed bag. This far into any drama series, viewers should really care about the main characters, yet I've really not warmed to the central pairing of Cassian and Bix, despite the best efforts of the actors. The plot-lines around them just aren't strong enough and maybe the chemistry isn't really there between the actors. Compare that to Rogue One, where the plot really made me care for the fate of Cassian and Jyn and they had much better chemistry as actors, IMO.  Kleya is the best character IMO, every scene she's in is intriguing. Luthen is great too. The machinations of the Empire are generally fascinating. Mon Mothma is brilliantly played by Genevieve O'Reilly. Some of the scenes she's in are excellent and the sets and costumes look fabulous, but the plot doesn't always matches her talents.  Sadly, Cassian's arc disappoints most and that's the weakest part of the show, which is odd, because he's the main character!  I'm also disappointed in the soundtrack, which is soulless really, no memorable music whatsoever. It almost could be AI generated!  Nonetheless, I'm still hooked on the show, because the compelling plot lines just about do enough to compensate for the boring ones!
Andor is by far and away the best of the Star Wars shows. I loved every single episode of the two seasons. To know that there will be no further seasons is frustrating and depressing, especially considering the poetical but ultimately pointless closing scenes of the final episode. Modern TV production is so enervating because it is rare that any of the best shows are afforded the opportunity to have a meaningful and appropriate ending. It seems that Andor has suffered the indignity of being a show with a beginning and a middle but no actual ending. Ultimately, it seems pointless even beginning to watch shows produced by the platform studios because you're virtually assured that they'll rarely run to a significant, valuable or satisfying conclusion.
I have to be honest and say that this series has so far been dry and slow as well as lacking in what we usually get in a Star Wars product. I have given it a chance so far and while I can't stand Michael Bay-type movies that have too much action with little story to tie it together, this series seems to lack the action to balance everything. That may be okay with a straight drama but it doesn't fit my expectations for Star Wars.  I expected also more exposition into the influence of the Empire and their oppression that leads to the birth of the rebellion. Instead, we see the interactions of different characters in whom are hard to take interest. Because its Star Wars I am generous with my rating but I hope to see better output as the series moves forward.
Look, I really wanted to like this... but there's very little about it that feels "Star Wars" to me... it almost feels like someone created a totally different space drama and the idea was to slap the name "Star Wars" on it in order to popularize it... and yes, I know it's getting outstanding reviews, but it almost feels like the opposite of the fake trolling that came with the actual films. For the first two episodes, I waited for something of substance to happen, and each time the credits came on I was left wondering what the point was. The actors are fine, but the pace of the story prevents them from delivering full compelling performances. I commend them for attempting to take a more "adult" stab at this franchise, but I'm not seeing the "gripping" aspect of this that makes me want more. As I am a huge Star Wars fan, I'll continue to give this a chance, though I have to say, not the strongest start...
As the U. S. A. Descends to fascism in real life, Andor paints a stark picture of life under authoritarian rule, the lengths fascists will go to hold their grip on power, and the sacrifices brave people must make to fight back, and it bears a message that hope that can spring forth from even the smallest acts of resistance. It's a show that reflects all the fear and frustration we're living through, all the anger at a system built on lie after lie, all the manipulations and corruption that perpetuate the fascist state, and the bravery of those who risk everything just to say, "No." It's not flawless by any means, and in a different time and place, it wouldn't earn a 10/10, but in the here and now of America in 2025, Andor is the perfect show with the perfect message.
After all this years we finally get something that worth our time and effort for the rebellion. This can be our new hope for the Star wars universe to get his true glory that it deserves.  I'm so happy that they've made this amazing show.  Andor made me feel the hope for bringing the change that we all strive for. I felt again that we as individuals can be something more than just random people. We can change our lives and the lives of all the people around us, if we unite for a good cause and truly believe in it we can achieve anything.  I don't care about the reviews on how good or bad this series is. For me matters the feeling that it gave me.  I'm all for it and I hope we get more of this soon enough.  Go watch and feel it on your own.?
